the sister
also in today's area
but I did not take it at the time
how to make stuffed mallard
and think of us because the lady elisabete but known as kisses
you take a pen and paper and write it all down in the extinct feb then I
I want you to
tell us how to do it a recurrence of the traditional kettle
closed
from the exact beginning so that you see the roasted mackerel ready
there
to be devoured
marcio for him the goal
the step-by-step lofar
first what you do
if I buy a clean body it says penna pain
you wash and performance and the first step n pick up a knife and up here at
take these seams that
and hardly anyone does these languages ​​cells did not like it a lot
weird in carnegie then the first step
nor congratulations to the modules image of inpar these languages
up here in the neck and of course this ungrateful
above the theft of the tweets as they say the rabbit also has to be taken away
it is a language
eller later then pass a lemon
married and mother the 4th black market
lemon passed
around the world the pet
there I take the salary I do not use because I have the mayor in the hand
catch on a hand
full of heels
rub in and out
and let go
catches the kids and usually laughs with full gizzard
and liver
and peter can not die those kids can not by ground beef
most breeches born there with the regional filling age
epic aboim and these kids
a machete
the beach own hamadinho pica carnês
there on 10 fair date an onion pear to 1
marek an onion
all three hundred and garlic
we have nutmeg
she is used a lot
It's erratum in germany then
a white sauce in the filling
What makes the difference is a pinch of nutmeg
good as we were talking at the table of nothing explained how to make a
reflection
now she will tell us how to do the traditional event that brings together
weekly in seven lagoons 13
then in the sweet potato the gay marriage kitchen
without salt
It is with the medal there is a city.
take off now
this would be a bit to peel
and pass the experiment well they experience gold from
the emphasis on marking
also tap according to the quantity
2 still in the interview municipalities
ef
three new ones in the house that I came back
makes that maxim still in the engineering
and then
is to boil the water has to boil bubble
to start
and a little bit of olive oil for July that does not stick to another one
There are bubbles in the hand Bubbles always make balls
and put in that boiling water
in a little while the Romanian who raises herself to be ready for everything
That's it, this one. So who's the world?
I will show here some larger ones
put it here ready to be
dona betina and what else did you do here for us to count on our
Internet user
Do you want to work more often?
the typical senate work table
is the such of practical geological risk made poorly placed can not miss
this one
the story was another one ready
so it's with a head like that, kid.
a head of purple cabbage
two apples
blackheads
vinegar
little water
olive oil
it's a sugar spoon
and then we'll study it until we get the point
this is the point of purple cabbage
can also make a perennial matamba are a piece and wine to accompany
but as it has massanori out of habit
we do then
however with a game only
with the donation
here inside
to accompany you even if you have
a saleswoman
What is this dirty?
and carrot each side
we cook together
with salt water
cooking when the moliceiro
strip the water
draw the water
and makes a white goal
the white sauce is then
butter
a little wheat
we nut
and gorgonzola cheese
to give a taste to the most spicy in the white sauce
and then he makes that white sauce put on top and ready
it was not a mystery the city council is ready so start today
her or who will accompany our
muller
now you have given a good account of whether you will call the color
for you see in the stuffing inside